Create get-started-branching.md (#271)
neondatabase/website: content/docs/get-started-with-neon/get-started-branching.md

Before you can create a branch, you must have a Neon project to branch from. If you do not have a Neon project, see [Setting up a project](../setting-up-a-project).

## Create a branch

To create a branch:

1. On the Neon Console, select a Neon project.
2. Select the **Branches** tab.
3. Click **New Branch** to open the branch creation dialog.
![Create branch dialog](./images/create_branch.png)
4. Enter a name for the branch.
5. Select a parent branch. You can branch from your Neon project's `main` branch or a previously created branch. Every Neon project is created with a default branch called `main`.  
6. Select one of the following branching options:
    - **Head**: Creates a branch with data up to the current point in time (the default).
    - **Time**: Creates a branch with data up to the specified date and time.
    - **LSN**: Creates a branch with data up to the specified [Log Sequence Number (LSN)](../../reference/glossary/#lsn).
7. Click **Create Branch** to create your branch.

You are directed to the **Branches** tab where you are shown the details for your new branch.

## View branches

To view the branches in a Neon project:

> 1. In the Neon Console, select a project from the project drop-down list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Neon Console, select a project from the project list.
```
we're considering getting rid of that dropdown, so it's best to refer to the list of the projects that's not going anywhere

2. Select the **Branches** tab to view the branches for the project.
3. Select a branch from the table to view details about the branch.

The **Branches** widget on the project **Dashboard** also lists the branches in a Neon project. Selecting **Manage** from the **Branches** widget directs you to the **Branches** page, where you can view and manage branches.

## Connect to a branch

Now that you have created a branch, how do you connect to it? You can connect to a branch using a connection string, as you would when connecting to any Neon database. The following steps describe how to connect to a branch using `psql`.

_**Note:**_ You can also query a branch from the Neon SQL Editor. For instructions, see [Query with Neon's SQL Editor](../query-with-neon-sql-editor).

> 1. On the Neon Console, select a project from the project drop-down list at the top of the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the Neon Console, select a project from the project list in the console.
```

2. On the project **Dashboard**, under **Connection Details**, select the branch, the database, and the user you want to connect with.
![Connection details widget](./images/connection_details.png)

> 3. Copy the connection string. A connection string includes your user name, endpoint name, and database name. The endpoint name is the name of the compute instance associated with the branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Copy the connection string. A connection string includes your user name, endpoint address, and database name. The endpoint is the compute instance associated with the branch.
```

> 5. Add your password to the connection string as shown below, and connect with `psql`. You can connect using the same user and password that you use to connect to the parent branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Add your password to the connection string as shown below, and connect with `psql`. You can connect using the same user and password that you use to connect to the parent branch.
```

we also provide a 'host' part of the connection string on the branch page.
let's include this flow in the description?

Author: Added mention of endpoint hostname.

  ```bash
  psql postgres://casey:<password>@ep-patient-wildflower-627498.cloud.neon.tech/main
  ```

If you want to connect to a branch from an application, the **Connection Details** widget on the project **Dashboard** also provides connection examples for various languages and frameworks.

## Delete a branch

Deleting a branch is a permanent action. Deleting a branch also deletes the branch endpoint, which is the compute instance associated with the branch.

To delete a branch:

> 1. In the Neon Console, select a project from the project drop-down list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Neon Console, select a project from the project list.
```
